those uses that we have made that
nor horizon and other cases are large
challenges are very interesting you move
with large volumes of construction
mixing users uses trying
make life work without a knock on the
other
the feet are glued they have no lives
independent boards yesterday think of
stairs in the elevators accesses hall
totally different
I think it's a strong trend
mix the same shape you avoid both
transport need transport
displacement
I guess who already have bought this
life project that is there and will not
a change in the city of São
Paulo the net you have a car was a
privilege
Today you can leave without the car.
is a privilege to have less impact will
have a very vibrant architecture one
differentiated is in the aesthetic format a
movement in the balconies and goes
innovative in this sense in terms of
visuals this blend of you mixes
commercial residential building you
end up creating a plastic drive
a very place building with a design
ends up winning the milestone building of the
design that creates a lot of
people will see and will remember the building
and if you lose this project is very innovative
in many ways not only aesthetic but
it's also how people will have space
solar domestic that we will have a
pool 15th floor is not at the top of en 36
floors were in 15th
thus bending over the cb and ev state
would be at most until the marginal and until the
shock is interesting because it is not a
Look very beautiful just look from the side
right can not see angry was
product 5 is almost all regions of
Sao Paulo
is a region that is edit and in policies
then this region is a region of
very small families the majority have a
son or not have such a compact child
or make small comfort of
common areas is a teacher in the city
whole is a trend has a picture goes
see the pool that has some chairs
some chairs that are the beds
practically two in particular of
Stupid is for the caring person, he does not know
pick up the newspaper i dc not stay at home is
as well as the life of this type of
venture is the pulsing life
want to see how people not only
talent how will they say what they think
really in this on the east side is a car
it's a fundamental thing
some cases have even more vacancies than
rest of city
and there made some comforts to
feel for exclusive vacancy closed with
possible garages inside the building by
Closed garage wash box is a
special thing in the mooca already different in the
Móoca very important this kitchen
our work and seek to understand
that good reading and that people
crave housing as housing and
put that on paper